Set up Codespaces for bug replication (#1200)
github/view_component: .github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/bug-report.md

about: Create a report to help us improve ViewComponent
---

<!--

> When opening an issue to describe a bug you're facing, it's helpful to replicate
> the bug. You can do this either by contributing failing tests in a pull request,
> or by creating a new repository that demonstrates the issue. Check out
> CONTRIBUTING.md to get started.

Reviewer: As a general rule, I think we should let folks' editors handle line wrapping:

```suggestion
When opening an issue to describe a bug, it's helpful to provide steps to reproduce it, either with failing tests in a pull request, or by sharing a repository that demonstrates the issue. See CONTRIBUTING.md for more details.
```

Author: Agreed for the general case, but this template will mostly be seen from within the GitHub UI in a `textarea`, I'd assume. At a standard width, that'd look as follows:

<img width="799" alt="Screenshot 2021-12-13 at 20 24 42" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/20680337/145883268-d44d5431-fc00-48a9-9d20-a3905a43e86f.png">

We're already hard-wrapping in the PR template as shown above, so I did the same here under the understanding that it'd feel a bit more readable at that width.

Reviewer: I see. I still think that should leave wrapping up to the client. If someone views this on a screen narrower than the wrapping length you've chosen here it will wrap in an odd way.

I recognize that we don't follow this guidance elsewhere and I'd be happy to clean up other violations :)
